In this lecture we're going to go ahead and get started with creating our first asset in this course.
So what we're going to do first is we're going to add a new layer.
My document is 800 pixels by 450 pixels.
If you're wondering what I'm going to do is on this new layer I'm going to go ahead and create a horizon
line.
Now we're going to be creating a wooden crate and that's why we need to create some perspective for
this.
Next I'm going to create two points so one here and one here.
Then I'm going to decide where I want my middle line or the corner of my crate to be.
So I'm going to place it about here.
Then I'm going to go ahead and connect these points.
So then we can go ahead and add our outer lines.
So I'll add one right here.
Whoops I had one right here and then I'll also add one right here.
All these little lines that are sticking off.
They're fine.
We can go ahead and erase them.
Next.
Let's go ahead and erase away while these other lines that we don't want
can also just go ahead and enlarge the size of our brush.
Get rid of all of this over here.
Perfect.
So now we have the shape of our crate next to what we want to do is we want to create the actual plank
pattern that's going to be on the face of our crate next to what we want to do is we want to grab our
shape tool over here.
Remember when you use this to create our circle or use the ellipse tool.
Well this time we're going to use the rectangle tool and we're going to create a perfect square.
So I click and drag and hold down shift to keep its proportions and to create a perfect square.
And we can go ahead and let go.
Now let's go ahead and change our stroke to our black color and then let's change the width of our line
to 4 pixels.
It's a little bit too thick.
So let's change it to three.
Perfect.
Now let's go ahead and flatten this layer by trying to erase it.
So now we can go ahead and erase that because it's flattened.
Then we're going to go ahead and copy this layer by hitting control J on your keyboard or commanded
J.
If you're on a Mac and you see my Transform Tool which if you remember is control t on your keyboard
or command t if you're on a Mac we're going to go ahead and shrink this down like step burna grab that
and we're going to try to Centra as best as possible.
Now if you have Photoshop set up correctly it should snap right into the center like so.
Go ahead and enter.
Now if yours is not snapping right into the center it's because you don't have your snap to turned on
the way you turn that on is by coming up to view and coming down to snap to and make sure that you have
guides.
Layers and document bounds selected.
Next we want to create the two criss crossing planks that will criss cross on the face of our crate.
So the way we're going to do that is by adding a new layer switching over to a brush tool and then we're
just going to guesstimate.
So probably starting if we come straight down from here you can go ahead and make a dot or a point and
holding down shift will come over and coming straight over from that corner to there well make a line
just like so let's do the same for the other side so we'll come straight over like so make a point and
then come straight over from this corner like so.
So now we have our first plank going across there.
Now let's create the other diagonal plank so we'll do the same thing comes straight down from there.
Down shift come straight over from there.
It once more for the site
perfect next what you want to do is we want to erase away and you know this area that's hanging over
so using my array's tool.
Go ahead and race that away.
Then lastly we want to erase away one of these two sets of lines.
So one is going to be overlapping the other.
So I'm going to choose this one.
I'll just erase away those two lines.
Perfect.
So now we have the basic setup for the design of our crate next to what we want to do is we want to
merge these three layers together so to select them all by starting with the top layer holding down
shift and selecting the third layer down and that will select all of those.
Then if I right click it can come over to merge layers.
And now all of those layers have become one next.
Let's go ahead and make a copy of this layer because we want to keep a flat version so that later we
can come back to it and create the texture for crate.
But for now we're just going to set up the mockup drawing for a crate.
So using this guy right here we're going to go ahead and turn on the Transform Tool by hitting control
T or command.
If you're on a Mac then right click and come to distort.
And just like we did with that circle we're going to go ahead and drag these points to the corners of
our crate
and now our Krait pattern is in the correct perspective for our cube.
Go ahead.
OK then let's go ahead and do the same thing again so we'll come back down to our original flat layer
and we'll go ahead and copy that layer can drag that over turn on and Transform Tool Right-Click come
down to distort.
Now we can go and drag those to the corners of our cube.
Perfect.
Let's go ahead and hit enter.
Great.
Now the last thing we want to do is we want to add some dimension to these criss crossing points.
So right now this all looks pretty flat the way we're going to add that dimension is by using our brush
tool and bringing down the size all the way.
And then we're going to add a new layer above these then we're going to click here and go straight across
like so do the same here go straight across like so.
And then all we have to do is use our arrays tool to erase away any area that went overboard.
But now you see the adds a new dimension to these planks.
Let's do the same for the other side so we're going to have a straight line going up right there and
then we're also going to see a little bit of this top surface like so and a little bit of this bottom
surface like so perfect.
Now we want to do the same for the other side.
So we'll click here come down and we'll click here
and we can go ahead and race away any area that went over our planks then will go ahead and finish up
by getting this side and we'll get this top edge and this bottom edge also.
Let's go ahead and zoom out and see how that looks perfect.
So now we have the mockup drawing for a crate in the next lecture.
We're going to go ahead and create some wood texture for this flap design over here and then we're going
to apply that to our actual crate over here.
Thanks for watching.
And I look forward to seeing you in the next election.